Updated readme (#12)
Cazoo-uk/consent-manager: README.md

[StoryBook](https://segmentio.github.io/consent-manager/index.html)

Why we forked off and made changes

how to release

## Why we forked off of consent-manager

> We want to use FullStory however we want to avoid it from being used on Checkout. FullStory don't allow us to edit their script so we have to pass in a prop that overrides FullStory from being triggered in certain areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to use FullStory however we want to avoid it from being used on Checkout. FullStory don't allow us to edit their script so we have to pass in a prop that overrides the scripts that are loaded on runtime through segment which we can then use to avoid loading FullStory script `fs.js` in Checkout.
```
pass in a prop that overrides _the scripts that are loaded on runtime through segment_

## Creating a new release

We strictly follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) so please consider this when working on this library.

### Before you open a PR

- Use NPM to bump the `<path|minor|major>` version from your local machine.

```
npm --no-git-tag-version version <patch|minor|major>
```

> - Commit and push this change

Reviewer: We should add the tag release command as well here

[StoryBook](https://segmentio.github.io/consent-manager/index.html)

Why we forked off and made changes

how to release

## Why we forked off of consent-manager

We want to use FullStory however we want to avoid it from being used on Checkout. FullStory don't allow us to edit their script so we have to pass in a prop that overrides the script that are loaded on runtime through segment.

## Creating a new release

We strictly follow [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) so please consider this when working on this library.

### Before you open a PR

- Use NPM to bump the `<path|minor|major>` version from your local machine.

```
npm --no-git-tag-version version <patch|minor|major>
```

- Commit and push this change

### When your PR has been approved

- Merge & squash the PR on master
- Checkout & pull master on your local machine
- Create and push a tag to the remote

```
git checkout master && git pull
NEW_VERSION="$(npx -c 'echo "$npm_package_version"')"
git tag -a "$NEW_VERSION" -m "$NEW_VERSION"
git push --follow-tags
```

The pipeline will get automatically triggered by the new pushed tag and will deploy the latest version to NPM.

> All releases can be pointed, from the package.json file, as git resources and the releases starting from 10.13.2 can also be pointed as NPM resources.

Reviewer: probably can get rid of the second half of this sentence as it was more relevant to cazoo-ui
